So it's time again for another exercise.
So this project here is going to cover everything that we talked about in the last few videos.
So that includes things like the form to egg different types of inputs including dropdown menus radio
buttons.
It also includes validations and labels.
So pretty much everything we've talked about and what you're going to do is combine them to make a registration
form for some fake Web site.
So it's going to look like this a form where a user can go sign up with a Name First Name Last Name
pick gender.
E-mail password.
A birthday with three dropped menus and a checkbox to agree to the terms and conditions.
So again a few hints here.
These should be text inputs.
This should be a password and.
This should be an e-mail input.
These are radio buttons.
These are three select tags.
This is a checkbox input and this is submit input.
So there are validations that are required.
So first name last name and email cannot be blank.
They are required
e-mail must be a valid email address.
So that has to follow the correct e-mail format.
And there is a bonus here and this is one that I encourage everyone to try and find.
So the point of this this is one of our first instances of me asking you to do something that I haven't
directly shown you how to do.
And as I've said before this is really what it's like to be a developer you're tasked with something
you have some idea you want to try.
You have no idea how to do it.
So you go online and he did some researching.
So the exercise here is to add a nother validation.
A new type that we haven't talked about yet which is to validate the length of something and the way
it should work.
The password that the user types in must be between five and 10 characters.
Otherwise we get this error here.
So it's another one of these validations.
It's just one that we haven't seen yet.
So I recommend just pulling up Google and searching away.
One quick note.
This needs to be an HMO.
So if you know javascript no javascript allowed that's considered cheating for this exercise and then
one last thing the three just on menus those need to be select tags.
One note though you do not need to have all the years all the months all the days in a month that's
just busywork.
I would just get two or three items in there just so you can see have the three selects.
There's the slight drop down menus there.
You don't need to worry about filling them though.
OK.
So go ahead and get started if you want to stick around for another moment.
I'm just going to give a demo of the actual site now.
So again I leave everything blank I need to fill this out.
I need to fill in last name radio button here.
E-mail.
Leave it blank tells me to fill it in.
If I don't put a proper e-mail It gets mad at me
and then password has to be filled out.
One character is not enough for characters not enough.
Now if I go to five or six or whatever this is I now have enough characters.
A dropdown menu.
Birthday.
I can agree or not agree.
And now the form of it.
OK so that's it there.
Go ahead and attempt this on your own.
And then as always I'll break it down step by step in the next video.